[SPEAKER_00]: The mainstream merchandising of Nintendo properties continues.
[SPEAKER_00]: Welcome, LEGO Animal Crossing.
[SPEAKER_00]: A relative newcomer debuting in the 2000s with less frequent releases than Mario's mainline titles, Animal Crossing nevertheless strikes a chord going against the grain of fast-paced action genres gaming is more often known for.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nintendo's modern licensing is going much better than its attempts in the 90s and 2000s.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is the Brick and More Bricks headline.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
[SPEAKER_00]: Starting right now on the show, wherever your gamer has a voice,
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_02]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_02]: We are live once again tonight, October the 8th of 2023 with episode number 977 of our show.
[SPEAKER_02]: My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here with you every Sunday night along with my co hosts.
[SPEAKER_02]: Say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, hi.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_02]: How are you?
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm feeling pleased.
[SPEAKER_03]: I managed to get my Discord, not my Discord, but my Stream Deck audio working finally.
[SPEAKER_03]: I had to route it the right way.
[SPEAKER_03]: I had to find the right output, but now the sound is playing.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sad thing I can't get it to work through Discord, but I'm working on that next.
[SPEAKER_02]: I always love this little background that you use on your VTuber because I just I always hear it in my mind.
[SPEAKER_02]: I feel like like when I introduce you, you're just going to go.
[SPEAKER_02]: The last Metroid is in captivity.
[SPEAKER_02]: The galaxy is at peace.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, at least I didn't do my my second pick.
[SPEAKER_02]: Which would have been what?
[SPEAKER_03]: The blood pouring out of the elevator from The Shining.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, it is it is October.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's it's that time if you're going to.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll work in no play make Jack a dull boy.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, no, it's all work and no play make Jamie a dull person.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Also say hello.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've been into a different horror series lately.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also say hello to somebody who could never be a dull person.
[SPEAKER_02]: Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think a lot of people disagree with that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, come on now.
[SPEAKER_02]: Come on now.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're you're the coolest Minecraft dad out there on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_02]: Give me a break.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I think I recognize the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is a play behind you tonight because we do tape live every Sunday night over at the Voice Geeks Network twitch.tv slash VOG Network nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
[SPEAKER_02]: And even though we try to keep it mostly audio because we know a lot of you listen on the podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_02]: We just can't help but have some video and visual references such as the Super Metroid background I referenced a moment ago with DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: and the game that's playing behind Loki tonight, which I think is Phasmophobia.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's the name of that game, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yay, I got one!
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, because that was being streamed on Twitch by a lot of Dead by Daylight streamers for a hot minute, and then I'd say 90% of them dropped it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was gonna guess either that or Demonologist, but it looks more like Phasmo, so... I only knew that scene where he went in the truck and looked at the board.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I was like, oh, I recognize that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I completely recognized it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Great.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, why Phasmore?
[SPEAKER_02]: Is it scary games because it's October?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's that season?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because I'm running out of games to put in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I see.
[SPEAKER_02]: I understand.
[SPEAKER_02]: What are just just kind of taking a poll real quick.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have some news on scary games coming out tonight, but I'm kind of curious.
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you have some games that kind of put you in the mood for the season?
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you have favorite, you know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Macabre games
[SPEAKER_02]: evil or just you know a little bit you know is there is there something you and not really like i don't i'm desensitized all the death by daylight i guess i was gonna say if you did say that by daylight i'd be kind of shocked um yeah
[SPEAKER_02]: I like my October video games like I like my scary movies cheesy as fuck so I would say I like 8-bit Friday the 13th is one of my favorite classics for sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe Splatterhouse, but the original.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like, do you know what game used to scare the shit out of me when I was younger?
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, it was Jurassic Park on the Super Nintendo when they tried to emulate that whole like, because Doom and Wolfenstein 3D were all the rage.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they tried to do like a version of that using a combination of Mode 7 and like sprites.
[SPEAKER_02]: It looked like garbage, but they kind of pulled it off.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so you were in these like you were you would go in these tunnels and then suddenly like you would turn around and a fucking velociraptor would jump out and attack you and it was scary.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was a scary experience.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I would say all the playthroughs I've been watching of Alien Isolation.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: That, that, those, those are like the, those games are almost too scary for me now.
[SPEAKER_03]: I love how perfectly they, they caught the aesthetic from the original movie, because I mean, that's only 15 years later.
[SPEAKER_03]: So the aesthetics wouldn't have changed that much.
[SPEAKER_03]: Not like 57 years where Aliens was, uh, you know, was.
[SPEAKER_03]: Right.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, I mean, I liked that they kept that sort of, uh, seventies future theme.
[SPEAKER_03]: I love branding and I love theming.
[SPEAKER_02]: Looking at chat for some comments.
[SPEAKER_02]: Questbuster agreeing alien isolation is so good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fifth Dream throwing it way back saying Atari 2600 haunted house terrified me.
[SPEAKER_02]: So many jump scares.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, I was just reading, I was just looking this up because I was looking for the news tonight and
[SPEAKER_02]: Haunted House, the Atari game, you know, Atari is leaning into some of their old classics and doing these remastered games.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they just had a re-imagining of Haunted House on the Atari 50 collection, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Which kind of is a throwback to the old school game, but like, you know, in modern graphics.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there's another, another Haunted House game coming out that's like a roguelite.
[SPEAKER_02]: But when I was looking at it, like they made it like with kids,
[SPEAKER_02]: going into a haunted house.
[SPEAKER_02]: It kind of like it doesn't look scary at all.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or like it's it's scary.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, are you afraid of the dark on Nickelodeon is scary.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, like it's it's not.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, yeah, like I could think of like that would be cool, though.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like if you go into it as this is the presentation, like it is supposed to be like, are you afraid of the dark?
[SPEAKER_01]: I think that would be kind of cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, it's it's almost like they're very interchanging, you know, alone in the dark and haunted.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mansion or Haunted House or whatever to just make a game and slap one of our licenses on it.
[SPEAKER_01]: We'll do that one
[SPEAKER_02]: SGO 100 Matt says Rob didn't have fun when he streamed Slenderman that one time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my god, that was years ago, years ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that was mostly Shane's fault for making him play it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, he tends to do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And SheHulk10 says Friday the 13th is a great game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Very scary.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, you know, you know, for as much crap as that old 8-bit Friday the 13th gets, when you go in the houses in that first person mode, when you turn a corner and Jace is right there and the music goes boom, boom, boom,
[SPEAKER_02]: like it's it's legit kind of freaky like it's a jump scare you know it's a it's old school but that's what we had before five nights at freddy's you know so
[SPEAKER_02]: There's that.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's get into some video game news and what's going on around the gaming world.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have a kickoff topic tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is kind of a big one.
[SPEAKER_02]: The cord continuing to be cut, so to speak, on some consoles of the not too distant past.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, why don't you fill us in on what's going on here?
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm actually surprised that they're still doing that because they were shutting down the marketplaces for these for a while.
[SPEAKER_01]: But now Nintendo has announced they're going to stop supporting the 3DS and Wii U online in 2024, April 2024 to be exact.
[SPEAKER_01]: So at this point, you know, like
[SPEAKER_01]: The Pokemon Bank will be the only software accessible online.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love that they had to make an exception for Pokemon Bank.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know why they had to make an exception for Pokemon Bank?
[SPEAKER_01]: Anger everybody.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, you literally cannot transfer from earlier gens without it at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I'm trying to think.
[SPEAKER_02]: I really don't think there's a way to do it, especially once they pull online support.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, because you could technically put cartridge in cartridge and I mean, and there was the like Pokemon yellow and stuff they released on 3ds that had in it, but I want to say even going cartridge to cartridge cartridge, you could cartridge hop those Pokemon all the way up to like sun and moon probably but then you can't without Pokemon bank, you can't get them off of there.
[SPEAKER_02]: So without this, you literally will have Pokemon that are stuck forever that you can't bring into the newest games.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they had to make an exception for that, which I think is wild because like just make it doable on the Switch already.
[SPEAKER_02]: Good God.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, sorry.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, we can't do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, this is a part of they said the part of the natural life cycle of any product as it becomes less used by consumers over time.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, yeah, I get it, but also sometimes like with that, you know, we perhaps should have, like, for example, Pokemon Bank transitioned it over to the Switch already because how long has the Switch been out?
[SPEAKER_01]: A while.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, what is the holdup?
[SPEAKER_01]: We're going to be on like another Switch here pretty soon.
[SPEAKER_01]: Switch 2 or whatever we're going to call the next thing of hardware.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's, you know, they're going to have to do something.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, and it's just it really is a crime that we don't have the older Pokemon games on the switch.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's it's like, what are they holding out for?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I know what they're holding out for.
[SPEAKER_02]: They want to charge more money to play.
[SPEAKER_02]: They don't want to just throw them in the Nintendo library.
[SPEAKER_02]: But like, come on, like, it's time to rerelease some of the old games already.
[SPEAKER_02]: And some would argue, Rob, if you want gem one, you could get let's go Pikachu, let's go Eevee.
[SPEAKER_02]: But like, it's it's not it's not the same damn thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you know it.
[SPEAKER_02]: and there's still gen two and three.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I guess once you get up to gen four, there's the remakes.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you know, like it's it's high time we have some proper Pokemon back catalog on the switch.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or at least I hope they're thinking about a successor if nothing else.
[SPEAKER_01]: I like let's let's go Pikachu.
[SPEAKER_01]: But um, I mean, are they going to make any more of those anytime soon?
[SPEAKER_01]: Probably not.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, like, it's too bad.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, but what do you think about the fact that okay, outside of Pokemon, which I've been hyper focusing on, but what about all the other games that are going to be, you know, losing their online support?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean,
[SPEAKER_01]: It's eventually going to happen, so it makes sense that they would do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't think it's really utilizing that much of their bandwidth or anything.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's almost too bad that they can't have, instead of dedicated servers, it's just peer-to-peer or some way to just keep open a small subset of servers that can handle the multiplayer for a bunch of different games or whatever.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it's understandable that they're going to do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: It's interesting, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I I kind of understand that they're pulling the plug on the Wii U. That I get.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think there's many people that are still rocking the Wii U at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: The 3DS, on the other hand, I feel like I still see people that use 3DS, you know, like it's it's still a smaller system than the Switch overall.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think more kids maybe have a 3DS.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a good starter system.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm I'm a little bit surprised that they're pulling that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But maybe they kind of go, well, kids don't eat online because that's where the creepers are.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's other services like Pretendo for example that's emulating their Nintendo Network and they're about two thirds of the way complete as far as being able to support a lot of the stuff that was being used for like the Wii U and 3DS.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right now the only thing they have that works 100% is Wii U chat and friends, but everything else is still kind of a work in progress with that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you know, and unfortunately with that, like I could see them getting all the way to 100% or getting close to it and Nintendo's like,
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, even though these are old systems we don't support anymore, we're also jerks.
[SPEAKER_01]: So cease and desist for you, you know, type of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, they're gonna have to be very careful in how they release something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: They have to do it in a manner where it's like, it's not fully announced until it's on the internet, because then you can't pull it once on the internet, always on the internet, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: That's the only way these things don't get shut down is you have to you have to keep it in your pants until it's time.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then
[SPEAKER_02]: Boom, stealth release, here it is, download now.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then even if the lawyers come out, oh, sorry, it's already on BitTorrent everywhere.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, like, that's, that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, but I yeah, I noticed how quick on social media, some of the homebrew in that community was quick to say that they're working on solutions, basically, which is which is interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, Bobby Blackwolf does point out Nintendo hasn't shut down the Wii version yet, and it's been 100% for years.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wiimifi, I don't know how you pronounce that, but it's been out for a while.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I guess that's true.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've seen the replacement Nintendo Network stuff on there, like the news channel on the Wii still running with current headlines and stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Kind of fascinating to me.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, that is kind of weird that it's not shut down.
[SPEAKER_01]: I wonder what the case is for that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Maybe is the Wii like still available, like say, other countries like Brazil or something like that where they aren't getting like modern consoles or, you know, one of those territories?
[SPEAKER_01]: Is that why they're keeping that stuff alive?
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I assume that was all running like third party or through one of these homebrew things.
[SPEAKER_02]: Number one, we have to talk about how amazing
[SPEAKER_02]: the WeConnect24 theme is because it's it sounds very urgent when you hear it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know if you remember.
[SPEAKER_02]: I apologize, my co-host, because you're not going to hear it as I play it, but I'm going to play it here real quick for the listeners here.
[SPEAKER_02]: See that sense of urgency with that duh, duh, like, you know, and then this is actually somebody going into a modern Wii Connect news channel because the whole thing of this YouTube is that they're pulling up the mugshot of our former president on a Nintendo Wii.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I've seen this one, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you can see this inglorious like 300 resolution or whatever god awful resolution it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's proof it still works.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's proof it still works.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ah, let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Looking at chat, it looks like a lot of people laughing along.
[SPEAKER_02]: sjo100mat says, chef's kiss.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: So those services, somebody's still running them, whether it's official or not.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: But sadly, no Wii Connect 24 on the Wii U. So I think, you know, in the arms of the angel, that's where the Wii U and 3DS are destined to go.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I guess, to be fair, I'm not using them a lot.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I guess I can't say I'm going to miss them.
[SPEAKER_02]: But
[SPEAKER_02]: sometimes a throwback would be fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Speaking of throwbacks, let's talk about the types of things we've been playing this week in our gamey weeks.
[SPEAKER_02]: How was your gamey week where we talk about the games past or present we have been playing in our weeks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's go to DarkSakura to start us off tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: How was your gamey week?
[SPEAKER_03]: I played something different and I played it today.
[SPEAKER_03]: I played through Raiden Densetsu for Super Famicom because I was just testing it out and I ended up beating it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hey, P.S.
[SPEAKER_03]: I cheated.
[SPEAKER_03]: I played it in my own personal stress relief mode, and it was great.
[SPEAKER_03]: Although it's so... I was like, I miss my big electric weapon from Raiden 2, plus, you know, the one that goes in twisties and wraps around things.
[SPEAKER_03]: Y'all might have seen it in my little video I made to introduce the Classic Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_03]: Uh-huh.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um, I also, uh, I beat Live Alive last night.
[SPEAKER_03]: I didn't, you know, get, I did, I, for some reason I didn't grab all of the people.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I didn't get like all of their particular endings, but I did get, I'm going to call it the, the best butt ending.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um, so I did that.
[SPEAKER_03]: So next week, I'm not doing the best butt.
[SPEAKER_03]: Next week, I'm not doing a retro game for Retro Night unless I just play like whatever the fuck I want to, like maybe some Jackie Crush or something.
[SPEAKER_03]: But my next game I'm doing for Retro Night is Magic Knight Rayearth for Super Famicom.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, yeah, I mean, I know we've all seen the Saturn one and those of us who have it never let that go.
[SPEAKER_03]: So but I'm playing the first RPG that came out.
[SPEAKER_02]: You've done Final Fantasy V, second at set to three.
[SPEAKER_02]: Live Alive.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you're doing this trend of games that never came out in America.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or the original versions of them.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, yeah, because I guess Live Alive technically is out in America now.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, no, no, no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_03]: Final Fantasy 6.
[SPEAKER_03]: I did Final Fantasy 6 and 4.
[SPEAKER_03]: I did translated, unedited ROMs.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, that's right.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I do own both Japanese and American copies, so I felt justified.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, of course.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I've done well, actually to play Link to the Past, even though it doesn't really count, but I fucking love that game.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've done Terranigma.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've done Seiken Densetsu 3.
[SPEAKER_03]: Rayearth, Emerald Dragon
[SPEAKER_03]: PC Engine games.
[SPEAKER_03]: I haven't decided.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dan was like, you should go for Mega Drive and do some of the Phantasy Stars.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I'm like, I never played the Phantasy Stars growing up.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I'm sticking with Super Famicom.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm probably going to, at some point, go back to the original Star Ocean.
[SPEAKER_03]: I haven't decided.
[SPEAKER_03]: But the game I want to play is
[SPEAKER_03]: and LadyStalker.
[SPEAKER_03]: I might just do Dreamlike Valley because it's my cozy vibes game, and I will be still in the middle of getting ready for TwitchCon, which my cosplay is getting to be a lot more of a handful than I thought it was going to be.
[SPEAKER_03]: When I got my seifuku for doing the Tsukiban version of Julie, the schoolgirl outfit,
[SPEAKER_03]: It said it had a blue collar.
[SPEAKER_03]: It had a white collar.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I don't have time to wait for another order.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I'm going to have to figure out how to color it and then get a close up of the kanji on her lapel, because I don't have the way to rip the the files anymore to get that directly.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I might be kind of screwed.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it might just be Pigu this year.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't believe TwitchCon is in two weeks.
[SPEAKER_02]: My goodness.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, and I get to see TR-ra-ra.
[SPEAKER_02]: That'll be fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you get to see TR-ra-ra.
[SPEAKER_02]: I sure hope so.
[SPEAKER_02]: And lots of people on Twitch that, you know, I got to see last year at TwitchCon, a few folks that are returning this year.
[SPEAKER_02]: It'll be nice, you know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Although I don't think LC is going this year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, that's too bad.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, but I mean, we'll have other friends that we'll get to see, so.
[SPEAKER_03]: Make new friends, that's what it's all about.
[SPEAKER_03]: A few people I wanted to see aren't going to make it this year, but might next year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, hey, if y'all are going to be in Vegas at TwitchCon, we'll be there.
[SPEAKER_02]: And joined by VOG Network's very own Bobby Blackwolf is also going to be there for his TwitchCon first.
[SPEAKER_02]: He is working with the Games Done Quick mini marathon that's happening at TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's pretty rad.
[SPEAKER_02]: So.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: We will be there to clap and support and see everything that's at TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, yeah, I did play Dead by Daylight and Dreamlight Valley.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I mean, that goes without saying.
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, then we'll go to Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: How was your game week?
[SPEAKER_01]: My game week is all Minecraft as usual.
[SPEAKER_01]: We this week we did a little bit something different.
[SPEAKER_01]: We had a booth at a convention.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's called CubeCon and the convention's entirely in Minecraft, which is kind of fun and it's free for.
[SPEAKER_01]: any way to come visit.
[SPEAKER_01]: So there's different booths that people design and different events going on.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, it's basically all the stuff that you would have at a convention.
[SPEAKER_01]: They have speakers, they have like meet and greets, they do games, there's different events and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: We were hanging out with different people and checking out some of the mini games and watched a live recording of the Withering Effect podcast and some of that stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then just working more on my builds and stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just putting off making video.
[SPEAKER_01]: I have everything ready to go.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just need to sit down, edit, and watch the film stuff too.
[SPEAKER_01]: But the building part's done.
[SPEAKER_01]: So hopefully they'll be done this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: My gaming week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Believe it or not, it might not sound like it, but I was pretty sick this week, actually, because I'm better now.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was just this weird, like, thing that just kind of came and went real quick, but I was really out of it Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, most of Thursday, I was just kind of sleeping on and off a lot, so I didn't get a lot, a lot of gaming in, but I did get to play some things, such as the new Final Fantasy XIV patch, which I love that there's all this new stuff to do in Island Sanctuary, which is, you know, my favorite part of the game right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have to say, the story is...
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I have a solution to fix the problem and it involves going back to where we were at in the last expansion.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's go and let's go revisit all these places and talk to these people we haven't seen in a while.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it just, it just feels like
[SPEAKER_02]: filler content which is weird because usually I sit here and I talk about how 14 has like one of the greatest stories in gaming and I still stand by that for the base expansions but man these latest patches have been a journey like it I guess maybe creatively it was some type of choice because you know if you know you don't already know the Final Fantasy and Walker expansion ended a 10 year story arc that they started in Realm Reborn
[SPEAKER_02]: and in the base patch, the 6.0 patch, they ended the Zodiarch Hydaelyn storyline.
[SPEAKER_02]: So this is all patches leading into what's next, but they're kind of like self-contained, and so that's why I'm like, boy, they feel filler.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, it's this weird place we're in where it's like, oh, because they ended the main story, and now they're doing a side story, it turns out the side story isn't as interesting, unfortunately, no matter how much retro stuff you throw at it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hopefully it's something that can be course corrected before the next expansion.
[SPEAKER_02]: Realm Reborn had some really long patch stuff too.
[SPEAKER_02]: But at least, man, there were some really good cutscenes.
[SPEAKER_02]: There were some Game of Thrones level cutscenes.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean early seasons, not late seasons.
[SPEAKER_02]: There were some good early season cutscenes in the Realm Reborn stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: So hopefully we can get back to that type of storytelling with the new expansion, but we'll see, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Otherwise, I've been playing Diablo 3 and 4.
[SPEAKER_02]: 3 because I think I talked about on last week's show, I want to see like this last new content that they've made for the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because once they go to season 30, they've said the game's on autopilot at that point, they're just going to cycle through old shit at that point.
[SPEAKER_02]: Diablo 4 is more about kind of closing up the books on the first season and getting ready for season two, which is only nine days away.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they announced a lot of like updates for Diablo 4 this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: With that new season, lots of quality of life stuff and things people have been bitching about in general.
[SPEAKER_02]: and I kind of get it like I, I think the internet as usual tends to hate on things more than it deserves.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I don't think Diablo 4 deserves quite the hate that it gets from some but a lot of the concerns have merit.
[SPEAKER_02]: There is some stuff where it's like, okay, they need to iron this out.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you know, you know what else sucked at first to Diablo 3?
[SPEAKER_02]: And it took them a little while to get that right, so I have faith that Diablo 4 is going to get better and better.
[SPEAKER_02]: I enjoyed enough the first season, and I'm really excited about the second season.
[SPEAKER_02]: The only thing that kind of sucks is, the day the second season launches is when I start my trip out of town for LA and then TwitchCon, so I won't be playing Season 2 until a week into it, but that's alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's no race, anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: One other thing that I played this week, and even I surprised myself, but because I was so like, meh, with Final Fantasy XIV right now, I was like, oh yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: World of Warcraft Wrath of the Lich King classic started maybe I'll maybe I'll pay for a month to dip my toe in so consider my my toe dipped.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've been playing a little bit I started a blood elf.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have a blood elf priest named honey smacks after the sugar filled cereal.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm up to like level 11 I think so.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I realize they still do not have Dungeon Finder, but they said they're bringing it.
[SPEAKER_02]: They finally said it's coming to WoW Classic, but they've held off on it for a long time because I guess it's controversial.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know why, like Dungeon Finder is the best thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they need to get on that.
[SPEAKER_03]: I will.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will be going back to WoW as soon as the company is out of a certain somebody's hands, which I think we're talking about it soon, which may be next week.
[SPEAKER_03]: So we'll be until then, not a drop of my money goes to them.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, well, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's talk about what else is going on in the gaming world.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I kind of referenced it a little bit ago, but we're going to be gone in two weeks for TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there'll be no show in two weeks, but we will be here next week, um, to wrap up the gaming news.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then we'll, we'll be on break the night of October 22nd due to TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, let's get into our first story tonight from Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, this is kind of well, I mean, it's very current considering all of the landscape right now with the Writers Guild and Screen Actors Guild.
[SPEAKER_01]: You may remember that recently they had voted to
[SPEAKER_01]: allow the union leaders to start a strike against the video game companies for voice acting and motion capture because they are also not paying their fair share of wages.
[SPEAKER_01]: And here is one story from very famous voice actor Jennifer Hale, who went on the My Perfect Console podcast and was discussing the pay
[SPEAKER_01]: the very low pay that she received for working on Metal Gear Solid.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was $1,200, a grotesque disparity saying that with the $176 million that the game made, it's indicative of what's happening in modern culture.
[SPEAKER_01]: For every dollar that the workday person makes, and voice actors are workday people,
[SPEAKER_01]: all actors on camera voiceover whoever are not celebrities and now workday people we make a dollar for every 399 executives make so um so essentially what she's saying is boss makes a dollar i make a dime that's why i poop on company time that's what she's saying right
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, to an even greater extent.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think Dollar Diamond nowadays is not even close, like a penny, a fraction of a penny.
[SPEAKER_02]: Even if it's $19.97 or whatever, it's still, yeah, when you put it next to the amount that the game ended up making overall, not cute, not cute.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, this is why you have a lot of actors that want a percentage of gross profits.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I want to say Margot Robbie got a gross, I could be wrong, but I don't think I am.
[SPEAKER_02]: Margot Robbie gets a gross of the profits for the Barbie movie, which, as you know, made a shit ton of money.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so, you know, she was an essential part of that movie because I believe she's a co-producer as well, you know, Barbie.
[SPEAKER_02]: So she made quite a bit of money off that, as she should.
[SPEAKER_02]: um because one could argue would that movie have been the same with amy schumer i don't think it would have been so uh you know a lot of the success is owed to that but a lot of the time can you imagine if that's that's the lead that they decided to go with that movie oh that was where it was originally going did she amy schumer was really attached to that why
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, it's because it was before Greta Gerwig was involved or anybody, it radically changed directions.
[SPEAKER_02]: And for the... Have we not learned?
[SPEAKER_02]: I know, I know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, um, the real point is, you know, with Metal Gear Solid, and you know, Jennifer Hale should be entitled to some percentage of profits, maybe not as much as what Margot Robbie gets off Barbie.
[SPEAKER_02]: But then of course, you know, you look at something like Metal Gear Solid, I would be curious what David Hayter made off of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: And don't forget, do not forget Konami screwed him over big time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember when they when they got Kiefer Sutherland's going to voice Snake now?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like they didn't even send David Hader a fucking card.
[SPEAKER_01]: What was the point just to get like, nobody, like, honestly, like, I don't even remember that Kiefer Sutherland was Snake in Metal Gear Solid 4 on a normal basis.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, I don't even think of that anymore, at all.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know if it was, one could hypothesize a lot of things.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm gonna, I'm gonna give a hypothesis that probably isn't fair, or true.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm just gonna say it's a hypothesis.
[SPEAKER_02]: But Kojima seems to be somewhat of a star fucker.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I noticed this in what's happening with like Death Stranding and some of these big names that he's getting in his titles.
[SPEAKER_02]: He very much wants to be a Hollywood director, even though
[SPEAKER_02]: StarfuckerTendencies
[SPEAKER_01]: Well then I'd be curious if that was maybe the case then like what the relationship between David Hathor and Kojima are then.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like if there's like some beef there or if it's just like not that.
[SPEAKER_01]: That'd be kind of more indicative of like what was going on.
[SPEAKER_01]: Also like on top of that you know I'm sure that there's res- I'd hope that there's residuals for these re-releases or remasters or whatever like that because I mean
[SPEAKER_01]: Is anybody getting money from all that stuff when they redo those?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Go to our chat room at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_02]: To what you said earlier about the Barbie movie, Loki, when I talked about Amy Schumer being attached, you're like, haven't we learned?
[SPEAKER_02]: Bobby does point out we did learn.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's why she wasn't involved.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, yeah, I mean, but like to even consider
[SPEAKER_01]: We had to go through a cloud.
[SPEAKER_01]: at any point of the trip is still bad.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it was Atlanta to Chicago with three layovers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like it wasn't necessary.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, um, let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: S2100Matt on a serious note in chat says, I think folks are discovering the harsh reality of how little production staff and actors get.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're seeing VFX artists, visual effects artists, go on strike as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: Low pay, low benefits, low everything, while mediums make massive profits.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkTetsuya does say a little credit to what I was saying about Kojima saying, I thought that was Kojima's idea.
[SPEAKER_02]: Obviously, I don't know the details.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dijirama S says, what's interesting is that what Konami did is kind of the norm in the voice acting industry.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the thing is that when it happens, it's too late because 99% of voice roles are coded that you don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I mean, look at what happened with the Silent Hill HD remaster.
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember that?
[SPEAKER_02]: and Bobby Blackwolf in chat says I don't think Kojima saw it as beef, he just saw it as a way to get a AAA actor in his game.
[SPEAKER_01]: Kojima thought is that I'm saying there would be some tension in the relationship between David Hayter and Kojima based off of the decision not to cast him in another game with the character that he's been, you know, voicing for years now.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's what I was saying is like, is there any beef now between the two, like any tension because of that?
[SPEAKER_01]: And that would be more indicative of maybe what the motivations were, unless he just doesn't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: And maybe he's just a very professional actor and is like,
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, I think, though, that he was outspoken about that when that time came, so I don't think he took it lightly.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dark2C in chat says, I know Hater still does the Solid Snake appearances, so I'm not sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I mean, Charles Martinet still does Mario appearances, and you know, it's true for movies, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Robert England still makes Buku Bucks doing Freddy, even though technically they replaced him, too, which was a questionable decision in and of itself, but it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm just saying the same thing happens in Hollywood, and people will make convention appearances based on their old rules.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or look at somebody like
[SPEAKER_02]: Julie Newmar is it I think will still do the occasional convention appearance and sign your sign things as Catwoman well not during the strike but you know before that whole thing happened and obviously there's been like seven other folks that have played Catwoman since then but Julie Newmar is one of the all time greats so you know there's that so you know this it is interesting no video game video game voice actors will still absolutely cash in on some of those roles that they played why shouldn't they well
[SPEAKER_02]: What's her name that voiced Bayonetta before Jennifer Hale did?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh God, what was her name?
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember, she made those horrible videos trying to get the sympathy and we all saw right through it.
[SPEAKER_02]: That bitch?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, her.
[SPEAKER_02]: Her, period.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't even remember her name.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know she's going to make as much money as possible off of that because that's all she's ever going to have now.
[SPEAKER_02]: She showed her entire butt on that one.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, all right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, but back to the main point, voice actors shouldn't have to rely on convention appearances.
[SPEAKER_02]: But if you do feel some sort of way if you do feel the voice actor should be paid more, then don't bitch when you go to a convention and it's why do they charge 60 bucks for a selfie like a selfie should be like five bucks if even that why it's promo for them.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: you don't get to say voice actors are grossly underpaid and then complain about one of their biggest sources of income at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like pick your battle.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also,
[SPEAKER_03]: Bruce Campbell at the Crest Theater
[SPEAKER_03]: Do you know why I did this?
[SPEAKER_03]: I had to pay for my house.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, just different things like that.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's like, it's like, yeah, I like to do, you know, some of them because they're, you know, they're good money.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're fun shows.
[SPEAKER_03]: But in the end, it's a job.
[SPEAKER_03]: Going to these appearances are a job.
[SPEAKER_03]: It is part of the job you have as an independent contractor, basically.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bruce Campbell is a great example of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Literally anybody Star Trek, anybody Star Trek from a bit player all the way up to Bill Shatner.
[SPEAKER_02]: Any of them.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's exactly that, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: You can't say that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Lemmy Shatner did do TJ Hooker as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that recent show where all the celebrities went to Mars, but it wasn't really Mars.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was just a soundstage.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, what was that?
[SPEAKER_02]: What was it?
[SPEAKER_02]: This is what happens when the writers go on stage.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't keep up with him anymore just because of his comments about lots of people.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I know.
[SPEAKER_02]: He's not great.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I mean, he's he is an example of somebody who makes buku bucks off conventions and all this other stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's talk.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess as we're talking about Konami franchises.
[SPEAKER_03]: Cisco is still the best captain.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's talk about I, I'm still kind of partial like for me, Disco took a long time to get there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm still and I also I'm always going to be partial to Georgiou when it comes to Disco.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'm going to always be Discovery.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm always going to be partial partial partial to Janeway.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like that's just like there's there's never going to be another better captain.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's all about a captain named Hawk.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, you
[SPEAKER_03]: The moment that he got the hawk look back, it was on.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I mean, it's a pinnacle.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, what's interesting, if we can go on a Trekkie binge for a minute here, DSpace9 is experiencing this very interesting renaissance because of streaming, because now people can view it as the one large story arc.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was kind of, well, you know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_02]: Larger story arc other than, you know, Peril of the Week, people can view it as it was kind of intended.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's catching more people now.
[SPEAKER_02]: They did a whole documentary on this.
[SPEAKER_02]: This whole, like, new resurgence of Deep Space Nine.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there's plenty of people that would side with you, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: Deep Space Nine being the pinnacle of Star Trek is an uncontroversial opinion.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, there's a lot of people that would side with you.
[SPEAKER_03]: One of the big things about it that divides people is that it was one of the, I'm just gonna say, post-Roddenberry series.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it veers away from this, oh, beautiful utopia and we're all perfect and prime directive and blah, blah, blah.
[SPEAKER_03]: It shows what happens when you take away the utopia.
[SPEAKER_03]: What are people like?
[SPEAKER_03]: They went back during World War Three.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're in the middle of a war.
[SPEAKER_03]: You see people, you know, betraying their own morals to save lives in a war.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so it's... I love it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was probably one of the most real and departure series of all of them.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it belongs in my heart forever.
[SPEAKER_03]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_03]: When everyone's gone, Morn will still be there.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's so funny.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought you said disco at first you met Michael Burnham because she's a really good character.
[SPEAKER_02]: But but like, it's Discovery's just weird.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a weirdly paced show.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because now that's a show that's made for streaming.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's almost like you have these 13 hour movies that really set up the story there.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there's just these jarring differences between the different seasons.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway, I guess I'll save that for another day.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want to do a group watch and just start at the beginning of Deep Space Nine.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, nobody's ever done that podcast.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm not saying it's a podcast.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just want to watch it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Or do a best episode.
[SPEAKER_03]: Have everyone in the group pick their favorite episode and then we sit and watch it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And also, I still love Esri, so shut up.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm also sad that I don't have a new Silent Hill game to play, but it seems like that dry streak might be coming to an end soon because apparently
[SPEAKER_02]: Silent Hill Ascension, which is one of the multiple silent games they've announced.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is not the new PlayStation 5 game.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is not the 2 remake.
[SPEAKER_02]: Silent Hill Ascension is that mini-series, the interactive mini-series that I want to say Behavior was involved with.
[SPEAKER_02]: but it looked a little more like Until Dawn or one of those types of games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Apparently a listing on Google Play says that this mini series is coming October 31.
[SPEAKER_02]: What an appropriate day that would be.
[SPEAKER_02]: Could that be a placeholder date?
[SPEAKER_02]: Who knows because the producers and developers of Silent Hill Ascension have not said they haven't confirmed if this is the date that it would launch, but that would be kind of rad.
[SPEAKER_02]: Silent Hill Ascension is going to be an interactive live-action series where viewers decide on the outcome.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's being developed by Bad Robot Production Company, that means JJ Abrams, King of the Lens Flares, and yes, Dead by Daylight Studio, Behavior Interactive, and Genvid, I hope I said that right, Entertainment, are all participating in that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, bring on- remember that Silent Hill thing earlier this year?
[SPEAKER_02]: And it was like, you get a Silent Hill and you get a Silent Hill, you all get a Silent Hill.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, okay, now let's see those games because there's a lot of good stuff in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I really want that 2 remake, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the Silent Hill F looks sweet.
[SPEAKER_02]: So.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want a completely, completely redone Silent Hill 3, please.
[SPEAKER_03]: Or another game with Heather that isn't Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, uh, let's move on in I can't believe it, but I kind of can, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, there's a claim out there.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, well, let's take a step back.
[SPEAKER_03]: Lord of the Rings Golem sucked.
[SPEAKER_03]: It, it was plagued by just lazy, lazy programming.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, you know, and also the fact that somebody thought it was a good idea to make a game out of Golem.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, well, the other thing, I mean, there were scenes that were created and then they couldn't complete, so they just had Gollum watching it while they played the audio.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, it's just terrible.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, they, the thing is, is that because the apology needed to be said, you know, it was, uh, you know, Daedalic didn't have anything to do with it in particular.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's said that it was written by ChatGPT.
[SPEAKER_03]: That was said by a couple of the previous employees there who worked on the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: And that basically, Daedlic had no knowledge of the Apology or what was included on it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was handled by the publisher, Nacon.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Again, AI, don't rely on AI.
[SPEAKER_03]: Have people write stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Check out that completely empty environment in this game.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's very, very fascinating to me anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what I bet happened here?
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, it's it's interesting, because again, it's a claim.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they can't prove that ChatGBT wrote it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you know, but I guess it's insider whatever.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm gonna try something.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm gonna pull it up and say, write me an apology.
[SPEAKER_03]: Write me an apology.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm gonna do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: You should tell ChatGBT to write an apology for existing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's the thing, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: I, and people have been using ChatGBT for this a lot.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wonder if someone didn't say, start me off, help me write an apology.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then probably somebody went through and, you know, tweaked it a little bit so that it didn't completely sound AI written, because this is a very common thing people do now.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it also goes to show that there is, you know, because we've been hearing about all these layoffs within the game industry.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I don't know to what extent either of these companies has a PR department.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't imagine it's very large because these are two companies you've only really heard bad news about.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they can't have very large PR team.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I wonder if they're thinking, oh, ChatGPT is a substitute for PR, which unfortunately, we all know the answer.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, it is not.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, it is.
[SPEAKER_01]: But just a bad substitute.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, unfortunately, I am not signing up, by the way.
[SPEAKER_03]: They want my phone number.
[SPEAKER_03]: And the answer is no.
[SPEAKER_03]: You get
[SPEAKER_02]: Crap goes in, crap goes out?
[SPEAKER_02]: You're gonna get what you pay for.
[SPEAKER_02]: And now now here's this headline continuing to dump on this company that's already had a bad year.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I mean, they still should have known better.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: sg100mattinchat says I could have sworn I said that their statements sounded like a canned copy paste we're sorry response.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, to be fair,
[SPEAKER_02]: most of the internet was also saying that it did feel very copypasta that white text on a black background type of apology we've come to accept that yes, chat GPT or any AI probably learned from all these other companies and then presto.
[SPEAKER_02]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_02]: Twitter now apparently will learn AI from your tweets now.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a thing that just happened in the last month that your terms of service there now allow
[SPEAKER_02]: Xcorp to use your tweets to do that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: So that's- I need to go back and delete all of them.
[SPEAKER_03]: Another- I'm going through that slow, slow removal.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's move on to other brands we love.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is- We've got a whole string, because we've got another story after this.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, what about this brand?
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, so Loki-
[SPEAKER_01]: So this isn't necessarily a new thing for this brand being Shell Oil, Shell being a major
[SPEAKER_01]: Shell Ultimate Road Trips
[SPEAKER_01]: energy sources, you know, that may be more renewable, less like, you know, awful for the planet.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there's already is for gasoline.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can put it in your car.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can inhale it.
[SPEAKER_02]: You don't do that at home, kids.
[SPEAKER_01]: Apparently, the website Media Matters has identified at least a half a dozen streamers, including folks with Punisher, NateHill, Chica, and Brekeb, who have a combined Twitch following of 5.5 million subscribers, helped promote this Fortnite map and the Fossil Fuels during sponsored streams that had millions of views on it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, my first disappointment wasn't necessarily from this.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's actually, even before this, also using another... I'm going to say, like, celebrity influencer.
[SPEAKER_01]: She's not so much of an influencer right now, but she is... Carrie Bryan, who was on Mythbusters, if you may remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: A very big proponent of, like, clean energy and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: immediate shill now for shell made multiple videos now promoting their stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, granted, it's a paid job, but it's like goes very much against like your morals in this sense.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, the morals are for sale.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, you know, it's a tough market out there right now.
[SPEAKER_01]: Apparently the creators, the Shell Gasoline propaganda have combined the audience of 8.5 million TikTok followers, 1.5 million Instagram followers and 11 million YouTube subscribers.
[SPEAKER_01]: They also paid for a sponsored post on IGN.
[SPEAKER_01]: We know IGN is trash anyway, so there you go.
[SPEAKER_01]: and uh yeah so apparently though the good thing at least with that is people aren't necessarily just going okay i'll use more gas i mean
[SPEAKER_01]: Shell's super expensive anyways, like even if you are going to use gas, you're probably not buying Shell anyways, unless it's all that's available.
[SPEAKER_01]: But apparently, people have been making lots of comments- Why is Shell Gasoline partnering with like Fortnite streamers?
[SPEAKER_02]: Why wouldn't you partner with like Disney Speedstorm?
[SPEAKER_02]: And then it could be like the the the smell of Autotopia.
[SPEAKER_02]: because whenever you go to that ride at Disneyland it's like you get a gas high like you cannot go to Autotopia or I think actually at one point that fucking ride was Chevron Presents Autotopia and it smelled like Chevron all over the fucking ground.
[SPEAKER_02]: Carbon Monoxia.
[SPEAKER_02]: The land of Carbon Monoxia.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think, is she a Disney princess?
[SPEAKER_03]: I think a lot of those sponsored items were there at first just to keep the park running, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Exactly, and a lot of it was just, yeah, just to kind of help with that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, it's a staple, but yeah, it's a staple that smells like, you know, a mini golf go-kart track with a bunch of... At the back of a truck stop.
[SPEAKER_01]: yeah it's pretty because you know like even at like say like a indy golf course where they have go karts and stuff and that's kind of smelly there but like imagine you tent you you up the amount of cars tenfold it's pretty bad but yeah that aside um
[SPEAKER_01]: Apparently though, at least with that, it seems like that the target demographic for this isn't buying their crap.
[SPEAKER_01]: They understand that like, I don't trust seeing you big oil company.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's not gonna happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, QuestBuster in chat says wait time for carbon monoxia is 45 minutes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Please breathe responsibly.
[SPEAKER_03]: uh yeah and on top of that there's the law here that we're not going to be able to buy gas cars
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, eventually, eventually, I think the writing is on the wall for them.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think for sure.
[SPEAKER_01]: Once we just need to get more adoption for it and the infrastructure built out for electric vehicles.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, I mean, it's not going to be fossil fuels forever.
[SPEAKER_01]: It can't.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's the problem, though, is this company is willing to pivot back to gasoline over like researching cleaner energy sources because that's what they have.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they feel that, hey, if I throw enough money at this problem,
[SPEAKER_01]: then we're just not gonna be obsolete.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I don't know if that's the case.
[SPEAKER_01]: Also, I don't know if like, through Fortnite, that's really like, your best angle, like, are people really gonna see this and go, you know, gasoline sounds pretty good.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm just not gonna buy an electric car.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm gonna go to Shell because I saw it in Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to open up the app that tells me where the cheap piss gas is.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what I'm going to go put in my car.
[SPEAKER_01]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're going to you're going to drive up the shell and you're going to say, hmm, their gas is like six dollars and 50 cents a gallon.
[SPEAKER_01]: Whereas across the street, it's only like five dollars a gallon.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Literally, I am.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will put Costco piss gas in my car every time because you know what?
[SPEAKER_01]: It works doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_02]: It doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have a hybrid anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: It only it's only half gas anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: What's what's great too is on their website they talk about like so the shell website actually has this ultimate road trip saying talking about like Fortnite and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Explore the island of Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_01]: Get ready for an adventure.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's all about speed, acceleration, performance and
[SPEAKER_01]: powered by Shell V-Powered Nitro Plus.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, first off, that's a really awful name for the gas, like Shell V-Powered Nitro Plus.
[SPEAKER_01]: What is this, Street Fighter 2?
[SPEAKER_01]: Premium Gasoline.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then right below that it says, this is an ad, this is fantasy, this isn't a real performance about Shell V-Powered Nitro Plus Premium Gasoline.
[SPEAKER_02]: Shell's going to need to get out of this and they're going to need to pivot to something a little more wholesome and contributing to society like cigarettes and alcohol.
[SPEAKER_01]: We're going to get Shell gasoline flavored vapes.
[SPEAKER_02]: How much how how much money would Shell have to pay us for us to rebrand the show?
[SPEAKER_02]: Shell presents Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think we would end before something like that happened.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think so, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, our next story tonight on Intellivision Amico presents Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you know, it's a completely have no money completely uncontroversial brands.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is one of those of course, of course type of stories.
[SPEAKER_02]: Astro smash, you know, the classic Intellivision title that they were reimagining at one point for the Intellivision Amico.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, if this isn't news that the Intellivision Amico is surely to come out before I die, it turns out Astro Smash is coming to the Nintendo Switch on October 12th, next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's an actual console.
[SPEAKER_02]: get ready to unleash your inner astronaut in the space epic game look the old school astronaut is fine or astronaut old school astro smash is fine and it's basically you know the same thing reimagine whatever this but this is the game they've been showing a lot of footage for and really pushing for the amico it's not the first one to come out for the switch but this is is this the first
[SPEAKER_02]: Intellivision
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think the Amico's still...
[SPEAKER_01]: like being worked on anymore like I like I'm there's confusing there's are they saying that they're really going to like actually try to use this to fund us why just don't stop just I see you remember that was an old thing they were trying to do was they were going to use the games to try to leverage the Amico or something
[SPEAKER_01]: I bet people felt really great about pre-ordering all those games.
[SPEAKER_01]: You got your wonderful NFT thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: That works.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's going to work great when that console comes out.
[SPEAKER_02]: So to answer your question, because I actually did do a little research on this earlier today.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, you know, I love to bring the receipts.
[SPEAKER_02]: So what I'm showing on the other screen right now is I'm showing the Intellivision.com website, which is still pushing the Amico as if it's a thing that's going to happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: and again to help fund you know all we have to sell literally anything limited collectors boxed edition bundles
[SPEAKER_02]: Each boxed edition comes with a 3D card, a metal coin, an RFID game card that will automatically activate once the title is available.
[SPEAKER_02]: So these are literally boxes with no game inside of them, but someday a game will magically appear.
[SPEAKER_02]: And if you want to buy a collection of these games for your own, which by the way, do not seem to include Astro Blaster anymore now that I'm looking at it, you can get a pack of four for $80.
[SPEAKER_01]: Don't do it.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's...
[SPEAKER_01]: I can't believe they still have that on their website.
[SPEAKER_02]: like this is going to be like a CDI and like Philips CDI systems now they're worth something because it was so notoriously bad now it's worth something so that's what I felt the Amico was worth hanging on to.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have one we were gonna get Ben Heck to fix it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, but now that's the literally $100 that Tommy Tallarico stole from me.
[SPEAKER_02]: So is it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is why I should learn my lesson every fucking time that I shouldn't back these things.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I do.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then, you know, I got my clown dress on tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here we are.
[SPEAKER_01]: So anyway, crowdfunding doesn't work for the most part.
[SPEAKER_01]: That said, there are some things I do want to
[SPEAKER_01]: be a part of crowdfunding wise.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll talk about that a little bit later, but... Hey, I've got the three things that I put my money into for crowdfunding, I got back.
[SPEAKER_03]: I got my Hot Toful Boyfriend plushies, my Dead by Daylight board game, and... Oh, Bloodstained.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I back that one too, I guess.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway, let's talk about a game whose prospects are perhaps a little more realistic.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I'm only bringing this one up because my spouse is totally into iRacing.
[SPEAKER_03]: He had that big racing rig built that he would play all the sim racing and iRacing stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, now iRacing officially has NASCAR's console video game license from Motorsport Games.
[SPEAKER_03]: It is a massive shake-up, and specifically for the sim-style console racing games.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, they are taking it over.
[SPEAKER_03]: They are hoping that
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, actually, what's going to happen is that 704 Games, which is a subsidiary of Motorsport Games, is going to be transferring the licensing to iRacing so that they are going to be able to do, like I said, console games.
[SPEAKER_03]: Until now, they've only pretty much been computer sim racing.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hopefully that will, you know, for everyone who likes to be a fun sim racer and people who wanted to get into it but can't necessarily swing the big-ass, you know, rig that's needed, maybe this is gonna be a good step into sim racing for people by, um...
[SPEAKER_03]: by getting into the console market.
[SPEAKER_03]: So kudos.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dan's rig was really cool, but we've seen people who had racing rigs that were hydraulic and had full-on force feedback and were like a pod, even built into a car before.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've seen one that was built into a Formula One car, or at least the cockpit of one.
[SPEAKER_03]: And yeah, it's pretty big.
[SPEAKER_03]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have to admit, not a series I know a lot about, but interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: As Jonah and Matt does kind of, you know, back that up saying iRacing eSports does get a legit audience, so smart on them for getting involved in it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Quest Pressure says iRacing did make big waves during the pandemic with NASCAR 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: Seems like that partnership really worked out for them.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Everybody else take notes.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, and on top of that, if they start bringing in like more, uh, more deals with like companies like Fanatic, for example, that makes all those really good racing wheels and, and rig parts, you know, and then slapping on like maybe an official NASCAR thing in conjunction with this and that, that's going to really be, you know, there's a lot of opportunities there, I think, for NASCAR, uh, being involved with such a dedicated sim racing, uh, company.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, well, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, what do you have for us?
[SPEAKER_01]: Sony was hacked again.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like we just talked about this last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: We literally just talked about this last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, they're like, yeah, you know how we might have been hacked?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, we also got hacked back in May, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: We just didn't say anything about it.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they apparently sent out a notice to Sony employees saying that there was a hack back in May that involved the personal data of nearly 6,800
[SPEAKER_01]: current and former employees and apparently this was a breach that occurred on May 28th before the exploit was fixed and it led to personal information of thousands of employees at Sony Interactive Entertainment to be compromised and the company is offering the complimentary Equifax Complete Premier Credit Monitoring and Identity Restoration services to those affected.
[SPEAKER_01]: How wonderful of them considering that Equifax was also, you know, didn't they have all their stuff breached as well?
[SPEAKER_01]: So like, you know, should we really be trusting them with that?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's weird because I feel like this isn't getting a lot of traction out there.
[SPEAKER_02]: as compared to, and I mean, I realize because this is more employee-based and it's not like user-based, like I do understand all of that, but it does seem weird to me that this doesn't seem to be gaining a lot of traction out there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I would say this is worse than the previous one, because at least the previous one is like, ah, it's Sony IP stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, who cares?
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: But this is like actual employees and people being affected by it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like one is affecting the executives and their bottom line, one's affecting like the common employee, like
[SPEAKER_01]: I feel more about the you know, employees instead.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Matt says look forward to that free game in six months the PS plus before the inevitable class action suite suit.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, is that what they're going to give the employees because they're the ones?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, just credit monitoring.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, that's it.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Credit monitoring.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hard.
[SPEAKER_01]: Nothing.
[SPEAKER_02]: A pat on the ass and job well done.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what they get.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that sucks, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's former employees, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: Can you imagine you left Sony and you're like, all right, I've done that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it's like, oh, hey, by the way, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I literally know somebody I could ask about this.
[SPEAKER_02]: I literally know somebody I could ask about exactly that.
[SPEAKER_02]: not going to go there.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, let's talk about this is interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Atari news.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now look, we talk on the show a lot about retro games kind of getting, you know, like newer 2600 homebrew games getting released, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like there's still a community out there using that machine language to write, you know, 2600 games and releasing games for Atari.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we know this is a whole thing out there.
[SPEAKER_02]: But what I think is interesting here is we have now a case of Atari themselves
[SPEAKER_02]: releasing a game, a new game for the 2600 which is of course 46 years old at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: The new game that's coming out is called Save Mary.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now this game was being developed around the time that you know Atari went belly up all those years ago but now it's being brought back to light.
[SPEAKER_02]: We've seen a few games like you know like Yars' Revenge 2 and some of these other games we've seen but this is you know kind of interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Save Mary was in development for two years
[SPEAKER_02]: That was a fucking long time in the Atari 2600 era.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't forget, games like E.T.
[SPEAKER_02]: were made in six weeks.
[SPEAKER_02]: So a game being in development two years?
[SPEAKER_02]: Unheard of.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, but Save Mary was, uh, originally made by Todd Fry.
[SPEAKER_02]: That is the guy who made the 2600 version of Pac-Man, for better or for worse.
[SPEAKER_02]: For better because he- He did what he could.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, he did what he could.
[SPEAKER_02]: For better because he pulled it off, for worse because they wouldn't let him have an 8K cartridge to do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, but Todd Fry, probably more notably known for the Sword Quest series, which, you know, was a great series and, you know, huge, uh, uh, cult audience there.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you want to buy this game, it'll cost you $60.
[SPEAKER_02]: but that's also what these games used to cost back in the day, I suppose.
[SPEAKER_01]: You get a silver... Also, making carts is... it is more expensive.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not cheap, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: $60 will get you a silver collector's edition box, a full-color manual.
[SPEAKER_02]: You don't see that with games anymore, so that's kind of nice to see.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the game itself.
[SPEAKER_02]: Only 500 of these are being made, so they're kind of looking at it as a collector's item as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: And in the game Save Mary, you have to... well, guess what?
[SPEAKER_02]: Save Mary.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's a canyon that's filling up with water and you use a crane to build platforms to help Mary get out of the water or whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Power-ups will show up on the cliff to help you out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Atari's founder, Nolan Bushnell, in a 1989 interview said it was the, quote, first game in which you rely on construction rather than destruction to save the princess.
[SPEAKER_02]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's other titles that have been out, Mr. Run and Jump or lost games like Aquaventure.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, this is one that really, you know, up to exact standards like the old games.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is of note that Atari, as we've talked about on the show previously, is about to launch their 2600 plus
[SPEAKER_02]: that is designed to play old Atari games.
[SPEAKER_02]: So one could argue that this game being released is kind of interestingly timed with that 2600 plus on the horizon.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, even if there are only 500 copies, there'll be people that, you know, want to grab this and perhaps play it on their 2600 plus.
[SPEAKER_02]: Although if you're going to buy one of 500 copies of a game, you're probably playing it on your OG Atari 2600, honestly, because those things are built like a truck and still work.
[SPEAKER_02]: Most of them.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going to dub that thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, well, of course, that'll be it.
[SPEAKER_02]: The ROM will be out in moments, but you're not buying this because... Woodpanel glory.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, what an appropriate setup for a all time favorite segment here at Orange Lawns Radio, our next segment.
[SPEAKER_03]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_02]: And what did you pick for us tonight, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, Tiger Claw already spoiled it for us.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh no.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, unwittingly.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's Aliens, the 1990 arcade version.
[SPEAKER_03]: So basically, it is a running gun game that was produced for arcades by Konami.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's based off of, of course, the movie from 1986, the James Cameron masterpiece.
[SPEAKER_03]: But it is side-scrolling shooter where you play Ripley with a Gatling gun, or more like the flamethrower gun thingy.
[SPEAKER_03]: And some parts also go third person, but you play either as Ripley or Hicks, who have their smart gun and have to upgrade their weapons.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, for example, flamethrowers, missiles, grenade launchers.
[SPEAKER_03]: You have health points, and if they're lost, you, well, I mean, if you get hit by an alien, you lose points, and then, you know, you're out if all your lives are defeated.
[SPEAKER_03]: You've got boss enemies, and of course the final boss is the Alien Queen, and you use the power loader.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's awesome.
[SPEAKER_03]: There is a two-player mode where you can play as Hicks and Ripley.
[SPEAKER_03]: You have all kinds of aliens that you go against, just like the drones in the movie, but there's also, like, the different various versions of them.
[SPEAKER_03]: You see, this was prophetic for all the different ones they're coming out with for Alien Covenant and all that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I like how it has real Contra energy, which was funny because Contra basically stole from Aliens.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like full circle now.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: But also, you have two different endings for the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: So when you're fighting the Queen, you can do it by opening the airlock, or you can basically fight the Queen until she bursts apart.
[SPEAKER_03]: And sometimes that's satisfactory.
[SPEAKER_03]: I hate the cover for this because they use some generic blonde lady and this brunette kid is as mute.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I mean, you see in the game, you know, she's blonde, but that that's not Ripley.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, you must emulate as much as possible that hardcore Sigourney Weaver action, just saying.
[SPEAKER_03]: The game did have a worldwide release.
[SPEAKER_03]: Its debut was at the Amusement Trades Exhibition International in London.
[SPEAKER_03]: In Japan, it was exhibited at the AOU in February 1990 and received a wide release in March 1990.
[SPEAKER_03]: North American debut was at Chicago's American Coin Machine Exhibition, or ACMI, that same month.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was declared that it was the best new conversion kit at the Acme Show by Replay Magazine and other distributors.
[SPEAKER_03]: It won a silver award from the American Amusement Machine Association for sales achievement.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was the second best-selling arcade machine that year after another Konami game, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
[SPEAKER_03]: In Japan, Game Machine listed it on their April 15, 1990 issue as the second most successful table arcade game, arcade unit of the month.
[SPEAKER_03]: It got very positive reviews.
[SPEAKER_03]: Computer and video games gave it a 91%.
[SPEAKER_03]: Power Play said positive.
[SPEAKER_03]: All Game gave it a 3.5 out of 5.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean,
[SPEAKER_03]: A lot of people said that it was, you know, nice and gory.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was even quoted as being brilliant graphics and described as one of the goriest coin-ops since Splatterhouse.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, now, the only ones who gave it really bad ratings was CU Amiga because they thought it was bland and drab in the graphics and unresponsive and dull, but I mean,
[SPEAKER_03]: This game is anything but.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's pretty fast-paced.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a challenging, fun game.
[SPEAKER_03]: And even, you know, a while later, Retro Gamer, their editor-in-chief, still said it was a superb game, even today, that's one of the must-plays of the Alien franchise.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so, that's it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Aliens.
[SPEAKER_03]: With a blonde Ripley, for some reason.
[SPEAKER_02]: 5th Dream in chat says we had that in our high school cafeteria.
[SPEAKER_02]: I played it daily.
[SPEAKER_02]: Philof9 says Ripley in parachute pants.
[SPEAKER_02]: MikeDef says I remember playing this.
[SPEAKER_02]: The jumpsuit.
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember playing this in the arcade.
[SPEAKER_02]: Tigerclaw says, I remember the first time I saw Aliens Arcade, it was at the Dade County Youth Fair.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was this trend, I think, where they had an arcade and I saw a tent where they had an arcade and I saw this game for the first time.
[SPEAKER_02]: The funny thing about the Aliens Arcade, even though it's based on the movie, it had a lot of things that weren't in the movie.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I mean, the Simpsons arcade game wasn't really based on an episode of Simpsons.
[SPEAKER_02]: It happens.
[SPEAKER_03]: It happens.
[SPEAKER_03]: There actually were things that were in this game
[SPEAKER_03]: There's a channel I like called Alien Theory that went over how some concepts in this were actually cut from the script from the original shooting.
[SPEAKER_03]: So they did have a little bit more to go with like things that showed up in the novelization that didn't show up in the movie.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, yeah, you know, it's it's interesting, because when I think about the old school alien stuff in video games, my brain goes to and I'm almost positive you've covered this as a classic game of the week in the past.
[SPEAKER_02]: But the old Sega classic Alien Syndrome, which I feel like even though maybe that game didn't have the license, I feel like it was inspired in part still by the franchise, which is I feel like there's still like, I feel like if the movie didn't exist, that game wouldn't exist.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, um, I don't know, maybe.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, just a random thought.
[SPEAKER_03]: But, um, but I mean, keep in mind that when Alien came out, though, it came out what?
[SPEAKER_03]: And it had been in concept since 75, I want to say.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I mean, the concept for Alien predated Star Wars.
[SPEAKER_03]: Predated the concept for Star Wars.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so if you think about it, we might not have had that, you know, we might be missing an entire genre of games from that initial movie because who thought to do a scary movie out in space?
[SPEAKER_03]: So anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, there it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Your classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not too surprising.
[SPEAKER_03]: In space, no one can hear you scream because there's no atmosphere.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not too surprising if you've been following what DarkSakura has been kind of, I don't want to say obsessed with, but all about lately.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, you can say I'm obsessed with it because I do that.
[SPEAKER_03]: I get obsessed about certain things and then I move on.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, let's move on to our rapid fire news where we're going to travel around the world and check out some other headlines pretty quickly.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, what's what you got for us?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, as Jason alluded to in the intro, LEGO has confirmed that LEGO Animal Crossing is going to be a thing that's happening.
[SPEAKER_01]: It had leaked out a while ago that there were going to be multiple different sets coming out between $15 and $75 in March of next year.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they didn't really necessarily say when these are going to be coming out, I don't believe.
[SPEAKER_01]: But they did basically have, you know, they did confirm, you know, with a trailer, cute little minifigs, that it is going to be a thing that's happening.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dang it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going to have to get some of these probably.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that is cute.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is very, very cute.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I love that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's one of those things I didn't even think that they would think of.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then when they thought of it, I'm like, oh, shit, that's good.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Good shot.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well played.
[SPEAKER_02]: Check and mate.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: So my God, I need the Marshall and the Rosie.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: So yeah, it'll be interesting to see what they do with that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I wonder if they're going to have blind bags for some of the characters, because that's a thing that they have done within the Mario sets, so I could see them doing that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And this is also something that I've been saying that they should be doing with these different... Sony, actually.
[SPEAKER_01]: Something I've been saying that Sony should do, and I think this should be a thing on the...
[SPEAKER_01]: On Steam and stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: So Sony is now adding free movies to their expensive version of PlayStation Plus.
[SPEAKER_01]: So PlayStation Plus Premium and Deluxe members are going to get a Sony Pictures Core, which allows early access to certain films like Gran Turismo, for example.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is a rebrand of their streaming service, BraviaCore, and they have allows users to purchase and rent up to 2000 Sony films straight from your console.
[SPEAKER_01]: I hope that they're including these and not just like making you purchase them as well, but you just generally access first first to buy at maximum price before they go on sale.
[SPEAKER_01]: so we'll see like if they are adding some movies it does say for free so there are things that are going to be in there um i'd be curious to see what that lineup looks like but i always thought it would be a good idea with you know to help incentivize i would think even some of the lower tiers and stuff but i think honestly i think that they should be selling movies like on steam and stuff like i i would see
[SPEAKER_01]: you know offering like can you imagine like old retro movies and stuff like that doing like humble bundles of that kind of stuff like oh hey classic 50s sci-fi films you know just for the Halloween and that type of stuff like if I collect collect because I don't play a lot of
[SPEAKER_01]: Like games that way, so why not?
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, they do it already with ebooks and stuff, so why not?
[SPEAKER_01]: I think you can make some pretty good money off of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I think this is a cool feature.
[SPEAKER_01]: Will this get me to do PlayStation Plus?
[SPEAKER_01]: Nope!
[SPEAKER_01]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's gonna need more than that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Also, I don't have a PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_01]: Also, I would still not pay for that tier.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm looking in chat here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fifth Dream says, I have a few movies from Humble.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dark Tattooist says, Loki has a great idea.
[SPEAKER_02]: You just know they'll never do it, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Mike Deaf says, I'm surprised they didn't offer this from the beginning, being honest.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I know I've brought this up before, is why doesn't Sony leverage their other arms that they have to make a more attractive competitor to Game Pass?
[SPEAKER_01]: Because maybe because the way they have their their company split up, like the different divisions aren't necessarily kind of pulling money together.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, you know, you may have one doing well, like, but that may end up as a loss in another one or something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so maybe that's why they're not doing it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it doesn't seem smart to me.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sony Music is another option, like they should be doing some streaming music stuff with that as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think just leverage what you got.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, well let's travel on and check out some more Rapid Fire news.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's go to DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, um, with, uh, more of the Atari stuff going around, there is a, an updated Berserk.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's Berserk Recharged.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's been announced for PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch PC, Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um, and basically it's, uh, you know, Evil Otto is back!
[SPEAKER_01]: Big ol' grinny face!
[SPEAKER_01]: I love Berserk so much.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, the evil little happy face.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love that.
[SPEAKER_03]: You have a high score mode for arcade.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can do different challenges to shoot and dodge.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can also play with friends.
[SPEAKER_03]: And the soundtrack is very 80s themed, of course.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, of course, there's all these power-ups and local competitive and leaderboards and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, hey, get creeped out by a giant smiley face.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's Berserk.
[SPEAKER_02]: all right uh and then one more kind of announcement of a new game that we got this week uh this is a game um and oops sorry some of the audio is coming through as i'm playing the trailer here live uh but we uh got an announcement for a follow-up to the game time spinner you remember that game uh time spinner is a really good metroidvania that came out uh we actually had the creator on olr a long time ago i don't know if you know
[SPEAKER_02]: TimeSpinner 2 Unwoven Dream
[SPEAKER_02]: And it looks obviously very smooth there.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's set after the events of the first game, you see some familiar faces and so forth.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you know, if you enjoyed the Symphony of the Night goodness that this game brought to the table, you're going to get even more good stuff with Time Spinner 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: Check that out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Very cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of games that are coming out a little sooner to a console or retail platform wherever near you.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll start in the US, Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Microsoft is back at it again with their naming conventions for now games, just like they did with consoles.
[SPEAKER_01]: Forza Motorsport.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's not 2005.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is 2023 coming out on PC and Xbox series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Little Gator Game on PS4, PS5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Long Gone Days on PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hey, Sony fans!
[SPEAKER_01]: Now you get to play Roblox as well!
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's coming to PS4 and PS5.
[SPEAKER_01]: We have Wild Card Football on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Also coming to PlayStation, Honkai Star Rail.
[SPEAKER_01]: We have Total War Pharaoh on PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: Company of Heroes Collection on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_01]: We've got Dwarf on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_01]: Haunted House, we were just talking about that.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, and the Atari VCS.
[SPEAKER_02]: We've got the Caligula... Wait, people own an Atari VCS?
[SPEAKER_01]: There are some, apparently.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see, we've got River City Showdown on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Salt Sea Chronicles on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_01]: Looks like Lords of the Fallen on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: And last but not least, Transformers Earthspark Expedition on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, well let's take a look at Japan and what's coming out in Japan this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: On the Nintendo Switch, we have Tin Hearts is releasing, as well as River City Rival Showdown.
[SPEAKER_02]: And yes, that is another kind of dating all the way back to the Kunio-kun games.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it kind of looks being called like a Nekketsu, you know,
[SPEAKER_03]: Downtown something.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, it looks kind of neat.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I have to say, I kind of love it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know why it gives me like a Scott Pilgrim vibe.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is that weird?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it looks fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I'd have to check that out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Who knows?
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyway, that is coming out in Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, we have coming out in Japan this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: close the window, where are we going?
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello, Rear Sakai is also out on the Nintendo Switch this week in Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's take a quick look and go over to the PlayStation 5 in Japan, where we have the Caligula Effect 2 is coming out in Japan as well as Caligula Overdose.
[SPEAKER_02]: All the Caligula, if you want that, is out this week in Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: Tin Hearts is also releasing on the PlayStation 5 this week, and Warhammer 40,000 Inquisitor Martyr is also out this week in Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's it for Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's go to Europe, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, the MetaQuest 3 is on the 10th of October.
[SPEAKER_03]: Moving also on the 10th of October, we have Wild Card Football for PlayStation and Xbox, Survivor Castaway Camp for PlayStation and Switch.
[SPEAKER_03]: For PlayStation, we have Humankind Heritage Edition.
[SPEAKER_03]: Going on the 12th, we have Talisman 40th Anniversary Edition for PlayStation, Switch, and the computer.
[SPEAKER_03]: For Switch, we have Dino Ranch Ride to the Rescue.
[SPEAKER_03]: On Xbox, Cricket 24.
[SPEAKER_03]: On the 13th, for Switch, Batman Arkham Trilogy.
[SPEAKER_03]: For Switch and PlayStation, Red Dead Redemption.
[SPEAKER_03]: For the 3, we have The Grinch Christmas Adventures.
[SPEAKER_03]: For Switch, Absolute Drift.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's funny, when I first glanced at the picture, even though it's supposed to be like an 8-6, it looked like a water faucet, like, for a second.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, on the 3 as well, Fortnite Transformers pack.
[SPEAKER_03]: Remember, Fortnite sucks now because of Shell, thank you.
[SPEAKER_03]: Transformers Earthspark Expedition on the 3 again, on PlayStation and Xbox, Lords of the Fallen, and that is it for that week.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's more stuff after that, including some Sonic.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sanic!
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, we have a few more headlines for you.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then we're gonna open up the phone lines if any of you want to call us over at VOG at network.com slash discord.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know we have some emails tonight because we got at least two from the same person.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we're gonna get to that later too.
[SPEAKER_02]: But first, we have some more headlines.
[SPEAKER_02]: I need to step away for just a moment.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Loki, you want to take it away?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yep, it feels like we're in Bizarro World because what?
[SPEAKER_01]: Some accountability actually happening here?
[SPEAKER_01]: Apparently the French authorities are moving ahead with a criminal investigation regarding the sexual misconduct allegations coming from inside Ubisoft.
[SPEAKER_01]: Five former executives were detained for questioning.
[SPEAKER_01]: including VP Tommy Francois and CEO Yves Gaumont's former right hand, creative Serge... I don't know how to pronounce his last name.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going to say Hascote.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're apparently been... It's just part of this investigation.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's more of just, you know, for questioning right now.
[SPEAKER_01]: Could it be that they're moving in on Yves Gaumont?
[SPEAKER_01]: And so now they're getting the people around him, you know, try to
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_01]: because you know for a long time it was a bit like three years now um since the allegations came out originally so i'm quite surprised um along with that it says as part of the detentions the former executives will they'll give testimony and that can be used in eventual uh criminal trial also um
[SPEAKER_01]: They're apparently the high profile action that's being taken regarding allegations first came late in 2020 during a multi-year investigation involving interviews with over 50 current and former employees.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm curious to see who the other three executives were, because they only mentioned two of them.
[SPEAKER_03]: Nail them to the wall.
[SPEAKER_01]: Nail all of them to the wall, especially.
[SPEAKER_03]: put them on display, make an example of them.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, uh, yeah, I'm curious to see what happens with this.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hopefully something comes of this.
[SPEAKER_01]: But right now, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mike Defton over Twitch.tv slash VOG Network says, Wow, people getting accountable for their actions.
[SPEAKER_02]: A total surprise.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not going to lie.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want I want
[SPEAKER_03]: them to publicly suffer.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, I we need more examples made of people so they can see they cannot get away with it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was gonna say we're not quite at full accountability yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're like, but but it's like, ooh, we're actually seeing that that's a possibility.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's exciting, because we're so used to just no accountability ever happening.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's, it's, well, I don't know, I feel weird celebrating it, because like, we shouldn't have to be doing this in the first place.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it is
[SPEAKER_02]: is nice to see that at least in some places people are held accountable.
[SPEAKER_02]: SGO 100 Matt with a fair statement saying I hope this provides relief for the people they abused slash enabled their abusers.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, moving on DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_03]: So the studio behind Just Cause, that's Avalanche Studios Group, are having a union.
[SPEAKER_03]: About 100 employees are unionizing.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's basically a fifth of the company.
[SPEAKER_03]: and they are now in bargaining position for fair wages and respect.
[SPEAKER_03]: They have joined Unionen, which is a Swedish trade union, and they're hoping to grow.
[SPEAKER_03]: They have some issues to go over, but wouldn't share specifically which one.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I'll go ahead and read the statement from Avalanche.
[SPEAKER_03]: As an employer, we're committed to creating the best possible conditions for all avalanchers to thrive.
[SPEAKER_03]: We support and welcome any initiative that goes in that direction.
[SPEAKER_03]: This also means that we listen, invite dialogue, and encourage to bring people forward their perspectives and needs.
[SPEAKER_03]: After all, it's thanks to each and every avalanche that we're able to make the great games we're known for.
[SPEAKER_03]: Even though this is coming after a very public dispute between the companies and their HR department's lack of communication.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it looks like I think they see their back to the wall.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: We Need More Unions!
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, apparently the developers of the wonderful dating sim Hatovo Boyfriend were not paid.
[SPEAKER_01]: They were missing some payments from Epic during their layoffs at Mediatonic and
[SPEAKER_01]: Because of that, now they've been reaching out to Epic to figure out what's going on with the payments.
[SPEAKER_01]: Moa is not happy.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, Moa is not happy.
[SPEAKER_01]: He says, by the way, I've got no royalty payment for Hot Tofu Boyfriend from Epic since they acquired Mediatonic back in spring of 2021.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't think the sales have been zero for two years.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they say, we're looking into this and the team will be reaching out to you directly.
[SPEAKER_01]: It just goes to show you like, like, even the Epic Marketplace, as we talked about last week, is very bare bones for what it is.
[SPEAKER_01]: How many years has it been up already?
[SPEAKER_01]: Like quite three years, I think, at least.
[SPEAKER_01]: And, and I mean, this is how they're still treating partnerships with people that are on your platform.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, I'm sure Fortnite's not missing any payments.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, that's ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_01]: You got to treat people
[SPEAKER_03]: I was going to say, but Bobby already said that the game isn't on the Epic Store.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's just published by Epic.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, understandable.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I will say one thing, at least in terms of Mac OS, is that it hasn't been given 64-bit support.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've had to play the iPad version on my M1.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, just saying.
[SPEAKER_01]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, still the best.
[SPEAKER_02]: How does something go so long without getting payment or royalties?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's so, I mean, it's one of those things that just kind of blows my mind.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, how does this happen?
[SPEAKER_02]: But then, you know, you realize how shitty a lot of things are, and you go, of course, this is what happens.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just, it's so wild to me.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's weird.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not like Moa has been quiet about everything.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, she's a fairly consistent poster.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, Bobby with a theory here in chat saying Epic took over the publishing rights when they bought Mediatonic and probably forgot about How to Fool Boyfriend.
[SPEAKER_02]: They didn't forget to pull it from other platforms.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm wondering if Epic also meant to pull it from Steam and forgot for two years.
[SPEAKER_03]: Honestly, still on it's still on the app store if I recall correctly.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, it says they removed it from iOS and Android and PlayStation stores.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's still in my purchase history.
[SPEAKER_03]: Never mind, because I can always redownload it out of my purchase history.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it's not gone.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Once you once you have once you've grabbed it, you can get it again.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it's not until it's completely removed.
[SPEAKER_02]: So.
[SPEAKER_02]: As 200 Matt says, companies get so big, they forget basic stuff like paying their partners.
[SPEAKER_02]: My goodness.
[SPEAKER_02]: If only there was some accountability there.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know what they didn't forget though?
[SPEAKER_01]: Making a partnership with Shell!
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah!
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, let me try to move on to something that, I don't know, I think most of the folks here at Orange Lantern Radio will find this very interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is what we kind of get for DDR's 25th anniversary, you know, which we were talking a lot on the show about last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, apparently, Zuiki, I hope I said this right, Zuikai maybe, I don't know, a company over in Japan just announced a playable mini arcade version of
[SPEAKER_02]: Dance Dance Revolution and it is actually you had it right the first time it is supported
[SPEAKER_02]: by Konami.
[SPEAKER_02]: It will have the fully playable game.
[SPEAKER_02]: So this is different even though yes, there is a mini arcade of DDR out there now.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is going to be a fully playable DDR game.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is not just going to be like three MIDI versions of the song or whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is going to actually be a fully playable and it's it's I guess the ROMs that were in the arcade.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, you can play them in MAME now if you
[SPEAKER_01]: Not necessarily because it doesn't have any of the licensed music.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's only the Konami originals.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, OK.
[SPEAKER_02]: OK, I know that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it's one fifth scale.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_02]: Third Mix is going to be gutted if it doesn't have any of the licenses.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, they have the song list actually out there.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it I have a search through my Twitter.
[SPEAKER_01]: How long to hack?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, how long to hack to get the full versions back in?
[SPEAKER_01]: I hear I know someone on Twitter that will probably be able to do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: The guy that does all those.
[SPEAKER_01]: Um, the
[SPEAKER_02]: all the different music game stuff and arcade stuff he's been hacking so now this mini is going to be and i'm gonna guess this is what loki referred to earlier it is a crowd funded uh so there's a crowdfunding campaign that launched uh i'm sorry is going to be launching uh soon this week actually on kibidango a japanese version of kickstarter that's k-i-b-i-d-a-n-g-o dot com we don't know what the price is we don't know what you get for backing it or anything like that so uh we'll have that information though
[SPEAKER_02]: probably by the time many of you listen to this show because 7pm JST on October the 10th.
[SPEAKER_02]: So probably at some point during the day tomorrow, we'll find out more about that could be interesting.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm logging into Kibidango.
[SPEAKER_01]: I like how they have like you can you can replace the marquees on them.
[SPEAKER_01]: They had the little side art as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: It goes beside the actual monitors.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, God, there was a song list.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I saw the song list and it was all the like Konami original stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, it does make sense that like the licenses are probably long expired, especially because some of those licenses are now in another dance game.
[SPEAKER_02]: You think about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: As Joe and Hunter Matt does say, backing this might be the only way to beat the scalpers and bots to getting this.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ain't that the truth?
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura says also it works with a full size Konami pad.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's why.
[SPEAKER_02]: But how would you how would you see the damn screen?
[SPEAKER_01]: It exports out via HDMI, so you can put it on your TV.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, nice.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: And plus, you can also apparently use the little finger dance pads with their PC game as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, well, that's a throwback.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it's where is that stupid list?
[SPEAKER_01]: Because they had them all.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was listed.
[SPEAKER_01]: Maybe it's on here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: While you look it up, I'm going to go to the mailbag because I believe we have some emails about DDR tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: So every week we invite your emails.
[SPEAKER_02]: Participate at I had to think about what the email address even was for a minute.
[SPEAKER_02]: Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to email us and DarkSakura will put on the hazmat suit and dive into the mailbag and dig out your yucky stinky emails and read them here on air.
[SPEAKER_01]: Make It Better, Trip Machine, Paranoia
[SPEAKER_01]: Second mix we have Make It Better So Real Mix, Keep On Moving, Put Your Faith In Me, Brilliant To You, Put Your Faith In Me Jazzy Groove, Brilliant To You Orchestra Groove, AM3P, SP Trip Machine Jungle Mix, Paranoia Max Dirty Mix, and Paranoia KCET Clean Mix.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then last but not least, third mix we have Afronova, Dead End, La Senorita,
[SPEAKER_01]: SilentHill, PerinoRebirth, and GradiusSickCyberAMDG5Mix.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right, cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: All right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sounds pretty solid.
[SPEAKER_03]: Of course, they have the best song, so I'm happy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, let's go to the emails.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_03]: First email.
[SPEAKER_03]: My first one comes from Garth Wolf.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm loading it up.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dear OLR, Honestly, I'm elated to hear that Jim Ryan is departing PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_03]: Actually, I have to read the title first.
[SPEAKER_03]: Not completely Kylie this time, but do you believe in magic?
[SPEAKER_03]: Alright, now I'll continue with the nail.
[SPEAKER_03]: For a while now, don't you feel like Sony has been lacking that magic that comes with having a real champion of the brand?
[SPEAKER_03]: Jim never had a stage presence or put himself out there like Jack Trenton, loved him, or Shawn Layden.
[SPEAKER_03]: And on top of that, Jim has had some fumbles like that international email where he was clearly dismissive of women's reproductive rights.
[SPEAKER_03]: What kind of leader would help Sony out?
[SPEAKER_02]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_02]: I forgot about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's all I said.
[SPEAKER_02]: I forgot that that was the thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_03]: What kind of leader would help Sony out?
[SPEAKER_03]: Do you prefer that it remain relatively faceless in leadership like the approach Jim had taken in the past few years?
[SPEAKER_03]: Or do we need someone energetic like a Reggie to take the reins?
[SPEAKER_03]: That's all and hold on to now, Garth Wolf.
[SPEAKER_02]: Kylie Minogue should be the spokesperson for the Sony PlayStation, quite frankly.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, and you know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: You think I joke, but at the same time, do you all remember when T-Mobile first came out?
[SPEAKER_02]: When it was first, it was brand new.
[SPEAKER_02]: They had Catherine Zeta-Jones as their spokesperson.
[SPEAKER_02]: And talk about one of the most infamous spokespeople that was so good for the brand back in the day.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, no.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know who they need?
[SPEAKER_03]: Who?
[SPEAKER_03]: Don French as Catherine Zeta-Jones.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway, uh, or just get, you know, Jennifer Saunders and all them to, to be the Sony PlayStation people.
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, I, I think, yeah, I think there's a lot more fun to be had with a face, you know, and the industry kind of hasn't had one for a minute, you know, Major Nelson retired.
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, Phil Spencer is pretty good.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, he's, he goes on podcasts and does a lot of interviews.
[SPEAKER_02]: He's a pretty good face, you know,
[SPEAKER_02]: Reggie was A+.
[SPEAKER_02]: if I were to bring up somebody like Phil Spencer is somebody who understands the games industry, somebody who is a gamer, somebody who enjoys games, somebody who, you know, understands the good parts about video games.
[SPEAKER_02]: For me, that's more important than any charisma.
[SPEAKER_02]: The person can be an introvert as long as they understand this industry.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's that's my bigger concern.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_03]: We needed the monsoon as a spokesperson.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_03]: So the next email, as soon as it decides to load for me, because our mail server thing is quite slow.
[SPEAKER_03]: Do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
[SPEAKER_03]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hello, LLR.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was really cool to hear the opening segment on last week's show about the 25th anniversary of Dance Dance Revolution, and it's always great to hear the three of you reminiscing about it, but unfortunately, I'm sorry to report that in this country, the game has suffered a major setback as of late.
[SPEAKER_03]: You may recall that back in 2016, Round One USA, which at the time had just a handful of locations, mostly in California, partnered with Dave & Buster's to buy brand new DDR machines and spread them across the country.
[SPEAKER_03]: This led to the North American release of Dance Dance Revolution A, as well as the launch of official e-amusement service to go with it.
[SPEAKER_03]: When Japan got the new content, so did we on the same day when the sequels DDR A20, or A20, sorry, and A20 Plus launched, we got those too.
[SPEAKER_03]: The DDR community gathered around and then grew rapidly.
[SPEAKER_03]: For most of the past seven years, we've been enjoying the current versions of DDR
[SPEAKER_03]: at all of these locations until now.
[SPEAKER_03]: The latest version, DDRe3, launched in Japan in early 2022, first in the exclusive gold 20th anniversary model, followed by the launch on older cabinets last June, but none of these machines in the USA received the upgrade.
[SPEAKER_03]: After over a year of waiting, we finally found out why Dave and Busters did not want to pay for the upgrade.
[SPEAKER_03]: Part of the problem may have been that Konami has been wanting to switch to the same sort of revenue sharing business model that they have been using in Japan for many years.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dave and Buster's vastly prefers the traditional American model of buying the game outright.
[SPEAKER_03]: The two companies did not see eye to eye, and in the end, Dave and Buster's opted out.
[SPEAKER_03]: As a result, all Round 1 locations now have upgraded all their DDR machines to the latest version, reportedly converting them to a revenue-sharing model.
[SPEAKER_03]: All of the DDR machines at DMB have been left behind on the previous version, which is now 18 months out of date.
[SPEAKER_03]: The version is already missing about 150 new songs that are now available in the current version, with more coming every month.
[SPEAKER_03]: And while these outdated machines are currently still connected to the E-Amusement Network, it is only a matter of time until Konami discontinues the network support.
[SPEAKER_03]: They've already kept the network up for longer than they ever have for a discontinued version of DDR, so they could drop it at any time.
[SPEAKER_03]: If and when Konami shuts the network off, players will no longer be able to log in.
[SPEAKER_03]: Obviously, this means no more score saving, rival features, and the loss of several modifiers, but also players will lose access to over 100 songs, including the 90 unlockable ones, as well as any songs that have only challenge level charts.
[SPEAKER_03]: It essentially makes this version of the game even more outdated than it already was, and even if the network is not shut off, D&B players are still missing all the game's new content, events, and tournaments.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is a big blow to the community, especially for anyone who has local D&B, but not a Round 1.
[SPEAKER_03]: For me personally, it means I have to drive an hour each way in order to play, rather than 15 minutes.
[SPEAKER_03]: A new Round 1 is supposed to open next year, but that's only half an hour away from me, but that's still twice as far.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, this sucks.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's still a chance that the American DDR community could continue to grow, but this definitely shrinks the chance of that happening.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sigh.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, thank you as always for the show.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sorry to be a downer.
[SPEAKER_03]: I promise my next email will have better news.
[SPEAKER_03]: Enjoy your week.
[SPEAKER_03]: Erin YYR.
[SPEAKER_03]: There is a follow up email.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actually, before you get to that, can I just quickly respond to some something in this email?
[SPEAKER_02]: Because that is interesting perspective, because let me put something in perspective for you is that in Northern California, let's see, there's round one in.
[SPEAKER_02]: So in Northern California, there's a round one in Roseville, Hayward, Concord, San Jose and soon to be San Francisco near the university.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there's five and it might even be a sixth one, but there's there's five round ones.
[SPEAKER_02]: And in that same area, there's two Dave and Buster's.
[SPEAKER_01]: We're getting a third one.
[SPEAKER_01]: We're building a DMV in Palladio.
[SPEAKER_01]: Is it going to be bigger than the one in Roseville?
[SPEAKER_02]: I think they're building it on the back side of that stupid... It's the aquarium over there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Toby Keith bar is something else now.
[SPEAKER_02]: But my point, okay, even if they open a third DMV in Folsom, that's still five one round round ones to three DMVs.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's that that's why this I completely missed the memo is because from my perspective and and remember the closest DMV I keep slamming and say is bad because it's just it's not a good DMV.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like DMV.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like the big ones.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like the one in San Jose.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't like the one in Rosemont.
[SPEAKER_01]: That one's nice.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, exactly.
[SPEAKER_01]: What we went to was the one in Irvine or whatever.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was like a really nice DMV.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like that one.
[SPEAKER_01]: I haven't been to San Jose, but I hear it's nice.
[SPEAKER_01]: But like the one in Roseville is just like...
[SPEAKER_02]: Is this it?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like diet.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a closet.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't believe it's not DMV.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, my point is, that's how you can see our perspective is skewed because you mentioned that, you know, you have double the commute if you want to find around one.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I get it from your perspective, but to be honest, for the DDR, and this might sound fucked up, and I'm sorry, but for the DDR scene in Northern California, everything we said last week still holds.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that does suck like and thank you for giving me the perspective from somewhere else because it you're right.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, of course Konami is going to pull the plug on that someday and it is about money.
[SPEAKER_02]: And those reasons that you're calling out are probably spot on as to why Dave and Busters isn't playing and why Konami is going to pull the plug on them in the next year that that will happen the way you phrase that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that does suck.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, you
[SPEAKER_02]: Do I want to go here?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, of course I want to go here.
[SPEAKER_02]: You wonder why pirate networks to Konami's EMUs network are flourishing.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's all I got to say about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Go ahead, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's more in the next email.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, yes.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sorry, I lied.
[SPEAKER_03]: I listened a little bit further into this show and I need to chime in again.
[SPEAKER_03]: I can't speak for the entire country, but I can speak for the New York metropolitan area, and I can tell you that according to the most popular current arcade database, as well as my personal experience and knowledge, as of about two years ago, there are no longer any older public DDR machines that are in good condition.
[SPEAKER_03]: Zero.
[SPEAKER_03]: By older, I mean all of the ex-Supernova and earlier cabinets.
[SPEAKER_03]: All of the ones around here either got bought by private collectors or left the area.
[SPEAKER_03]: There are a few extremes and supernovas in the wild, but most are in awful shape, not worth making a drive.
[SPEAKER_03]: If you're looking to play the older versions at this point, unless you want your own machine, the best option is, and I'm not even joking, MAME.
[SPEAKER_03]: MAME now runs the early Bimani games perfectly.
[SPEAKER_03]: With a good USB stage, you're going to get an experience that will match or beat anything you can find in the public in 2023.
[SPEAKER_03]: Once again, have a great week and thanks for the show.
[SPEAKER_03]: See y'all later.
[SPEAKER_03]: Aaron YYR.
[SPEAKER_02]: What's a great place to find Mameroms in 2023?
[SPEAKER_02]: Asking for a friend.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think they're pretty easy just to find.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think you just do a Google search and you'll be able to find them.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess.
[SPEAKER_02]: We probably shouldn't say them on air, but we do have a Discord server and there's places you can slide in my DMs.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, to that, there's probably Discord servers
[SPEAKER_01]: dedicated to that type of stuff nowadays.
[SPEAKER_01]: Ah, you're probably right, you're probably right.
[SPEAKER_01]: There used to be specific Bomani Tournament sites too, but like, I haven't been able to, I haven't been on there in a long time.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, I mean, there's things around, for certain, there's a lot of different like, arcades, and I'm sure that like, you know, DDR Ace 3 or A3 or whatever it's called,
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's run on PC anyways.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like a lot of that stuff you can just literally download the PC executable that's been patched by somebody and then you can just run the same software on an existing cabinet or if you have a modded cabinet or something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had a Stepmania setup but my computer died probably because it's in the garage and that cycles between really cold and really hot all the time and so it's just gonna kill a PC eventually but thankfully the System 573 board is still rocking, you know, so far but if I was gonna do it again I'd probably
[SPEAKER_01]: I try to get MAME in there to emulate the older stuff, at least for the arcade versions, and maybe do a little bit of Step Maniac.
[SPEAKER_01]: As much as I love supporting Dance Maniacs, or Step Maniacs,
[SPEAKER_01]: I still wish there was like an emulated version of that too, because there's a lot of really cool songs on it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Even if it was something like you got to pay for it and play it on PC, but you could use your existing hardware to run it, I'd be down.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know what I feel tempted to do?
[SPEAKER_03]: What's that?
[SPEAKER_03]: Mod My Dreamcast Pads and Stream Second Mix
[SPEAKER_02]: um an anonymous chatter uh says in chat name the rom and i got you well my my friend would really love to have ddr third mix and ddr solo 2000 i think would be the two and oh and fourth plus for god's sake fourth plus i think those three would solo bass well solo 2000 has all the soul day stuff in it so
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, that's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: I forgot about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, so that's all you need.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you get the, you know, booty pop that Solo 2000 also had, like the, I'm alive, I'm alive, and you know, the Temple of Butt, as you used to call it, by E-Rod.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: The Temple of Butt.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for the emails, YYR.
[SPEAKER_02]: I appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Garth Wolf, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Was that it?
[SPEAKER_03]: Now, who that is?
[SPEAKER_03]: My baby mama.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's a real song.
[SPEAKER_03]: My baby daddy.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Right now, maybe Mama was the song in DDR, but maybe Mama was the real song.
[SPEAKER_02]: Both of them are fucked up.
[SPEAKER_02]: No more emails.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're good.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, no more.
[SPEAKER_02]: OK, that's it.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, I said no more.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: No more.
[SPEAKER_02]: OK.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you want to give us a call, vognetwork.com slash discord.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you can also join our discord to continue the conversation throughout the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: and find out the latest and greatest that's happening around VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was slacking a little bit on the YouTubes this last week because I was sick, but I'm hoping we'll get some more to you next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think the latest one on the feed is still the Monster Hunter video, which I actually played a little bit of that today with some friends.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, um, Loki, I want to check in with you real quick and see if there's any last minute stories.
[SPEAKER_01]: Uh, no, I don't think I have any.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, well, I guess I guess that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Some weeks are long and some weeks are short.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's all right.
[SPEAKER_02]: We still got about two hours in.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, let me take a minute to thank all of you for listening to our show tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for participating with Orange Lounge Radio, whether you listen live or you downloaded us on your podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for spending some time with us here this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: We appreciate you all.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_02]: Tell a friend or two, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices put out here on air.
[SPEAKER_02]: A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify goes an awful long way.
[SPEAKER_02]: And please don't forget to follow VOG Network, that's VOG Network, on our Twitch station, as well as on YouTube at VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's, that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're gonna get final thoughts.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm going to start with DarkSakura, who I believe is moving on to the Dead by Delightening, to the Dead by Delightening for the second time in October.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm one follower away from hitting my year goal.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, good for you.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm almost a thousand.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's great.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I would love for my dream to come true before TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hint, hint, nudge, nudge, say no more.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh man, I wish I was going to TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_02]: To be fair, most of the people here probably already are, but if not... And if not, why aren't you?
[SPEAKER_03]: I subscribe to OLR and I'm a host.
[SPEAKER_03]: Y'all can do this.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm not.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, but I'm going to play Dead by Daylight and I might see if I can... I'm working on Nurse.
[SPEAKER_03]: Pray for me.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, good luck.
[SPEAKER_03]: Thanks, and don't fuck it up.
[SPEAKER_03]: Later, taters.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_02]: Have a good one.
[SPEAKER_02]: You too.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, I think that we just go over to you for your final thought.
[SPEAKER_02]: What do you want to say to our listeners tonight?
[SPEAKER_01]: Apparently that was at Mega Bloks Xbox 360 is out today, I think, or was out soon.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: We talked about that on a prior episode.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's that's wild.
[SPEAKER_01]: Pre-orders, something, or maybe it was pre-orders, I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess all the wires crossed.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyways, yeah, hopefully we'll have an episode out maybe this week, so.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pokemon Scarlett
[SPEAKER_02]: It kind of came and went faster than COVID would.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, that's kind of what ended up happening with me.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I didn't do any streams last week as a result.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't do anything at VOG or my personal channel just because, you know, it all piles up.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'll be back on track next week, just in time to then be taking the week off for TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you know, it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll be back then.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope you all have a great week gaming.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're in that time of year where there's lots of good games coming out and lots of fun things to play.
[SPEAKER_02]: and I hope you all get a chance to play them and don't do what I do and go back to fucking bullshit like World of Warcraft and FF14 so that you never play something new.
[SPEAKER_02]: Right, Mr. Minecraft?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yep, I don't know what that's like at all.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, hey, I'll take a break when Grand Theft Auto 6 comes out.
[SPEAKER_01]: I probably should play Starfield, although I like to hear mixed things.
[SPEAKER_01]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's worth checking out.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Make it a goal.
[SPEAKER_02]: Make it a goal, everybody, to play.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's make it a goal.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's make it a pact amongst ourselves.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're going to try to play something new this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Until then, we'll see you in seven days when we do this all over again.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you all so much for participating with the show tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see you next time.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let me hit the right button for the credits this time when I say bye!
[SPEAKER_00]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_00]: To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_00]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.